Lisanne's Canon
Powershot
camera was used
to take
almost 100
photos.
These photos
are definitely
pretty creepy.
Most of
the photos
look sort
of the same,
but there are
a few
chilling photos
that stand
out from
the others.
One is
a picture
of what
looks like
Kris's hair.
And there's
been a lot
of speculation
online
about this
photo
and what
it shows or why
it was taken
in the first place.
But some
people think
they can
make out
a patch
of bloodstained
hair on
what appears
to be
Chris's right
temple area,
which, from
looking at it,
I really struggle
to see blood.
I have
probably spent
like a few
hours
just on this
photo
trying to see
if I can make
out anything
discernible
besides the
hair.
Every time
I think I can
see something.
It's just
like, ehh.
I just am not
seeing that...
I don't
see it at all.
where
people are
saying
it could be
there.
These pictures
were taken
at night,
so whoever
leaked these
definitely
edited them.
The second
photo
looks more
edited to me.
In the lower
part
of the photo.
Some people
think
they can see
Kris's nostril
and mouth
and her hair
is covering
her face.
I kind of
see where
they're
coming from
with
the nostril,
but the mouth
thing
completely
throws me off.